what's been your I don't know what's
been your kind of favorite part of the
last six weeks we've been doing this
exactly at the time when I've been
having James I was pregnant with him for
the first week and then I had him and
then we've had him around and I don't
know for me it's been really great to
have a reason to kind of dig into the
Bible a little bit and while you're
going yeah yeah cuz it's been such a
crazy emotional time for me
these were six weeks of having a baby
and this study is all about trusting God
and all about stepping out and faith and
this period of time for me it's all
about that I don't know what our lives
gonna look like you know how we're gonna
exactly handle having a baby with you
know two working people and so it's been
really good for my heart so week six
this is the end I mean I can't believe
it that we're already almost done here
the most interesting thing to me about
this last week is that the story really
closes with Naomi as kind of the center
of the the story she kind of takes
center stage and that is not what I was
expecting I was expecting it to be more
about Ruth and Boaz and Obed and the
celebration and the tie enough of that
but what I love about it is that naomi
is is really crowned at the end and it
shows God's incredible grace on somebody
who had lost her husband have lost her
two sons who had been very very bitter
at the Lord at one point in her life and
God not only brought her back but gave
her this incredible legacy through her
grandson and and closed the story with
her and I just I don't I think I thought
that that was amazing I thought it was a
huge testament to the grace of God in
this story and then when it ends with
the genealogy I love that because it
explains not just why Ruth Boaz and
Naomi story was so important in and of
themselves but it shows who came before
them and what their legacy meant for
everybody who came after him and how it
affected all of history so it's gonna be
a very very exciting week
what's most beneficial about having a
study that you can actually you know
five days a week we were kind of
committed to kind of going through
something I mean how has it helped well
I'm um I'm a pretty organized kind of
anal person anyway
and I function better on a schedule so I
kind of like that I've got something to
pull out every day and read every single
day because otherwise otherwise I have
intensity not to do it if it's not
something where it's just like I'm you
know I it's not my schedule yeah if it's
not structured I don't do it so so
knowing that it's something that I know
that every day I you know I need to sit
down and read this it's kind of almost
like I mean it sounds terrible but kind
of forcing me to like read my Bible and
look at stuff but I need that like I
need that push I need that structure in
my life or I'm like yeah I just probably
would get lazy and not do it yeah I mean
absolutely everybody's that same way
what's been the most meaningful thing
about the study of brief about this I
think the biggest I don't know if I'd
say a revelation but the connection
between boas is the kinsman redeemer and
our God being able to redeem us and I
just think that I never thought of that
and I think that it's kind of made me
see Boaz in a new light but also you
know God just kind of walking with us
and like a kind of a love story
situationally kind of allowing us to
just be wooed and you know giving us how
many things how gracious Boaz wasn't me
kind of connected
with God has been really great yeah cuz
Boas is really kind of a picture a
foreshadowing of Christ right and
sometimes I don't know but for me that
growing up we hear about Christ and when
he did for us and all that stuff but
then when you actually see someone like
Boaz you can kind of you get it a little
bit more so it's a it's a real picture
of human human and and so I think that's
great and just the little bits and
pieces that have come along the way from
how God provides work for us provides
things for us to do but we sometimes we
see they work but really it's his
provision and you know just just a
little bit so he says like that have
been